README.md, before:

Hello! This is a GhostScroll Fork. http://ghostscroll.grmmph.com/

=======

# GhostScroll Purple Version
Visit My Blog for a DEMO: http://twelvepurplepills.com

* OnePage/Multiple Pages hybrid based on {{tags}}.
* Disqus Comments.
* Site search based on RSS feed. (GhostHunter) https://github.com/i11ume/ghostHunter/
* tag page
* single page

## Customization

* Post charachters in Index
  file: partials/loop.hbs
  line 25: {{content characters="700"}} // if tags found, show only 700 characters, else all characters are shown.
  
* Disqus Comments
  file: assets/js/dsq_comments.js and assets/js/dsq_comments_count.js
  line 2: change 'twelvepurplepills' with your Disqus Shortname
  line 3: beware of the unique ID
  
* GhostHunter
  file: assets/js/ghostHunter/
  follow the readme https://github.com/i11ume/ghostHunter/
  
* GhostScroll basic usage and customization
  follow the website how-to http://ghostscroll.grmmph.com/

* Header images:
  upload "post_cover.jpg" / "tag_cover.jpg" / "page_cover.jpg" to "/content/images/" folder in order to display cover images

=======

Commit message:

readded ghosthunter js in default.hbs - git clone ghostHunter to /assets/js

README.md, after:

Hello! This is a GhostScroll Fork. http://ghostscroll.grmmph.com/

=======

# GhostScroll Purple Version
Visit My Blog for a DEMO: http://twelvepurplepills.com

* OnePage/Multiple Pages hybrid based on {{tags}}.
* Disqus Comments.
* Site search based on RSS feed. (GhostHunter) https://github.com/i11ume/ghostHunter/
* tag page
* single page

## Customization

* Post charachters in Index
  file: partials/loop.hbs
  line 25: {{content characters="700"}} // if tags found, show only 700 characters, else all characters are shown.
  
* Disqus Comments
  file: assets/js/dsq_comments.js and assets/js/dsq_comments_count.js
  line 2: change 'twelvepurplepills' with your Disqus Shortname
  line 3: beware of the unique ID
  
* GhostHunter
  You have to git clone it in this dir: assets/js/ghostHunter/
  git clone git@github.com:i11ume/ghostHunter.git
  follow the readme https://github.com/i11ume/ghostHunter/
  
* GhostScroll basic usage and customization
  follow the website how-to http://ghostscroll.grmmph.com/

* Header images:
  upload "post_cover.jpg" / "tag_cover.jpg" / "page_cover.jpg" to "/content/images/" folder in order to display cover images

=======
